the fridge bush for many of which I include myself by the network did not have much
sense although the person of André Montes have come here what is fulfilled
years by the way his brother a week ago yes
but it is a prize in itself
but on these dates everything was going well more or less
on this week it is fulfilled in 2014 years of the first match
with fringe of media en canal plus 14 years ago
the Cordovan a well-known gesture invited with disasters narrating santiago segurala
commenting day and started a wave of the story of the young basketball man in the
area
percent in channel + in recent years in 4 also and
and well, we've seen several generations of players all the
career
The online payment is linked to the last three rings of Michael Jordan
has not spectacular things in all these years and most of them
the yearbook couple of days narrated by group since he was a candidate
joselo has tomorrow
the a little tribute because it is difficult to pay tribute know that with me as I say
everything was channeled to a server teaching definitively the
special prosecutor's office but of course also percent by my side the first
forest management
welcome to the club
age
loop
until now
to adopt this decision
season
the winner
in the debate of the third age
little by little
acasuso
all this happens
a cantamañanas a lot of people behind her
to have fun
he sees that people have fun fleeing him
typical orthodoxy that has been given up
Shepherd
the professional performance
I say it publicly
that borders on ridicule
but what they eat
there is a certain cinema andres montes romana was for the audi parcero of aussa other
we must look for the playful aspect of life of the Argentines
we have not come to this world without a brake
and the next interview that has been released to the air I'll answer you in
Catalan and 16 injured
after we're going to have fun because rovirosa promote the vast world suffer
we have come to have fun to pass him see him entertain us asen happy to see
the tv3
lasheras torrelavega transmission has marked a time
he was not missing last may against a base more passions the music
and innovation is soccer
the same as that number and sinks annoying to the wasl the goal
you realize what I just told you is a very big what they are going to
to say and we will continue looking for them according to the agreement of lupita
I do not even know what is the use of coe luis gerardo inman if you last
minute in Mexico and that can be elevated
despite being an interview by three of course their problems of
Health
hoeness success in order to grow my children
I need p
I had many diseases I had cancer stopped I got ventilated
Italy
I do not need the lottery to touch me
phrase for the transmission of endesa will have basis to explain the victory
of Spain in the eurobasket
to these are the last words like are people affirmed the square
I say goodbye to you all
it's my last broadcast with the sixth must do it I'll move city
three years ago it stuck when candle of the sixth life can be wonderful
the pp not only of firemen
noguera